README.md, before:

Imagewidth Specification Wizard
===============================

Wizard to specify the field imagewidth in contentelements.

This TYPO3 backendextension attaches a selectfield to contentelements like textpic or images to provide a set of default values for the width of an image (eg.: fullsize, half of the content, small teaser etc.).

TYPO3 Package
-------------

TER Entry http://typo3.org/extensions/repository/view/imagewidthspecificationwizard/

Source
------

https://github.com/webit-de/typo3-imagewidthspecificationwizard/tree/master/src/typo3/imagewidthspecificationwizard/

Documentation
-------------

Read online (HTML) https://typo3.org/extension-manuals/imagewidthspecificationwizard/current/

Download (PDF/SXW) https://github.com/webit-de/typo3-imagewidthspecificationwizard/tree/master/src/typo3/imagewidthspecificationwizard/doc/

License
-------

GNU General Public License version 2

The GNU General Public License can be found at http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/gpl.html.

Author
------

Dan Untenzu <untenzu@webit.de> for webit! Gesellschaft für neue Medien mbH
(http://www.webit.de/)

Contribution
------------

This extension is Open Source so please use, patch, extend or fork it.

Commit message:

[TASK] Link new Documentation & Changelog

README.md, after:

Wizard for imagewidth field
===========================

This TYPO3 backendextension attaches a selectfield to contentelements like textpic or images to provide a set of default values for the width of an image (eg.: fullsize, half of the content, small teaser etc.).

TYPO3 Package
-------------

TER Entry http://typo3.org/extensions/repository/view/imagewidthspecificationwizard/

Source
------

https://github.com/webit-de/typo3-imagewidthspecificationwizard/tree/master/src/typo3/imagewidthspecificationwizard/

Documentation
-------------

Read online (HTML) http://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/extensions/imagewidthspecificationwizard/

Download (PDF) http://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/extensions/imagewidthspecificationwizard/_pdf/

License
-------

GNU General Public License version 2

The GNU General Public License can be found at http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/gpl.html.

Author
------

Dan Untenzu (<untenzu@webit.de> / [@pixelbrackets](https://github.com/pixelbrackets))
for webit! Gesellschaft für neue Medien mbH (http://www.webit.de/)

Changelog
---------

https://github.com/webit-de/typo3-imagewidthspecificationwizard/blob/master/src/typo3/imagewidthspecificationwizard/Changelog.md

Contribution
------------

> TYPO3 - inspiring people to share!

This TYPO3 extension is Open Source, so please use, patch, extend or fork it.
